I would like to start this by saying thank you very much for this great opportunity.

Bio: My name is Daniel McHarge. I live in North Carolina. I'm 26 and I have my High School Diploma. I went to my local community college for about three years but decided it wasn't for me. I did go back for some creative writing classes while I was writing my own stories. I have taken some computer classes before and am familiar with computers. 

Work History: I worked at a local restaurant called J's BBQ as a cook for almost 5 years. The restaurant closed and so I was off to look for a new opportunity. I have a great letter of recommendation from them and was always on time. In 5 years I missed maybe 5 days during that time.

Question 1) How many pennies could you put on the Golden Gate Bridge without any of them overlapping?
	For this question I needed to know the length of the Golden Gate Bridge. So I found that the bridge is 8,981 ft in length and 90 ft in width. 1 penny is 19mm in length. There are 12 inches in 1 foot. There are 25. 4mm in 1 inch. So with that I got down to the math of this question. The LxW of the Golden Gate Bridge is 808,290. Divide 808,290 by 12in equals 67357.5in. Multiply 67357.5 by 25.4mm equals 1710880.5mm. Divide 1710880.5 by 19mm equals 90,046.34 pennies.

Question 2) Give examples of three image sizes that would have the correct ratio and would fit the design layout.
                What I do know is that a 16:9 ratio means that it is 16 inches wide and 9 inches in height. It is a widescreen caption/image. 12 pixels means that the image is pushed together to make it more of a clearer image. As far as finding an actual image to refer to, I will refer you to the images you currently use that meet the requirements of you layout that you are using already!

Question 3) What is the minimum number of moves required for a knight to cover the entire chess board?
	I play chess. I love the game. But I have sat here all day trying to find the equation for this question and I can't do it. However that being said I do know it's over 9000!

In Closing: The reason I think I'm right for this job is simple. I'm a gamer. I love this hobby and have my entire life ever since I received a Nintendo Christmas morning when I was 5. I have played every console. I'm not just saying I should have this job because I love video games but since it's true I thought it was worth mentioning that I really do care about games and I take gaming very seriously. Video games are a huge part of my life. I would love to have this job and this chance to put my passion for games into learning more about them and helping the gaming world. I would not let you down. I truly believe I am one of the people you are looking for and if you give me a chance I will prove that to you. I am a very fast learner and a incredibly hard worker. This is what I have always wanted to do and will work very hard for the chance to prove that to this company. This is my dream. Some people dream about winning American Idol, I dream about working for IGN.I love games and I love every aspect of them. Please consider me for this opportunity and I promise I will not let you down.

I would like to add that I am new to git but I tried very hard and will send this as a regular email in case something is wrong with my git file. I just found this opportunity today and it ends in a day so I just barely made it in. I hope you guys will take a chance on me. Thank you again. My phone number is 828-388-0756.

	Daniel McHarge
	6/05/2011




